
=== Zomato UNCATEGORIZED ===
1. Overall, the experience was good. The food and service were nice, but the prices felt a bit on the higher side. Would recommend if pricing is improved.🙂🙂...
2. it is good but only delivery charges is very high they take all most 90rs on delivery it's ok for other people not for middle class or the one who have budget under 500 like me can't offered 400rs onl...
3. Why would Blinkit and Zomato compete with each other? Isn’t Blinkit owned by Zomato?...
4. I have ordered food many a times from this app and experienced very bad and poor quality food. Very poor chain of restaurants and outlets. There is no option of writing the complaint on help desk in t...
5. Blinkit, Zomato, Amazon Gig Workers To Go On Strike In India On December 31 To Protest Falling Incomes; Ask For Ban Of 10-Minute Delivery...
6. Very nice app for door service, love using it.. recommended to all.. Rates are High but worth it.. Zomato..💗💗💗💗...
7. I had to wait for more than hour for a simple order and you didn't even assign a valet. When I contacted the restaurant, they told me the order had already been prepared. On top of that, you refuse to...
8. The online order feature on this app is very bad with the timing! None of the restaurants automatically accept an order! The delivery valet goes to the Resturant places the order and then collects it ...
9. it's very convenient and good for ordering...
10. Good experience, food rates are comparatively less than Swiggy and providing more discounts while placing the orders...
11. it's very difficult to use for those who don't have internet technology knowledge like me. The apps design is very complicated...
12. Great app. It would be nice if there was some subscription for zero delivery fees up to 10 km...
13. COD not applicable for me whenever I join zomato delivery job. I just do dinner le zomato delivery for 3-4 months a year. stock market regular business. no matter how regular or precious customer I am...
14. I ordered a biryani through Zomato, but shortly after placing the order, I realized that the restaurant might not be a halal restaurant. Therefore, I immediately cancelled the order. However, despite ...
15. It's a great platform to order food online instead of going to market to buy food ..Your order will be delivered to you by 30 minutes...
16. If it wasn't for the huge delays at peak ordering times i would have given this app 5 stars. But those delays are very frustrating and happen at lunch and dinner time, which are the only times you rea...
17. smooth work aap it use it very easy...
18. My overall experiance is very good and love their communication skills they are so kind,and good i really likes it and loves their offers and food are also good I should give them a 5 stars rating😊🤩😋...
19. You people's are making fool to everyone and just wasting time of customers Sometime you deliver wrong food sometime your application shows food is on the way and restaurants cancel order Very bad exp...
20. good app for hungry people at every place to order the food...

=== Blinkit UNCATEGORIZED ===
1. Very reliable app and prompt service, I'm a very happy and satisfied customer since many years, in diff locations....
2. Got this Mysore Pak by Unibic (ikr, I was also excited) in the blinkit Diwali box.   It's so small 😭😭😭 sari excitement pe moot diya. They could have fit 3 of them easily. Ye kya baat hui 👎 soapcase ja...
3. The best quality of products but the delivery charges are quite high...
4. At 1st, they charged for 3 sets of cakes while delivering only 2 sets and didn't notify us that from thereself until I contacted the support team for the matter, which is not good. 2nd by mistake, I p...
5. worst experience the order reached in double the time and when I went to cancel it they are charging 20rs for cancellation...
6. worst delivery time, and so irresponsible i am giving them 1 star even they won't Worth it ....
7. it is a really good app..it wasn't available in my city till a time but now it is i am really gald about it i really wanted blinkit to be in service in my city from a long time. it really helped me a ...
8. I love this app it sooo good worth it but it doesn't have the option to replace the order like you ordered the wrong item but you couldn't replace it...
9. Delivery people sometimes refuse to come up to the apartment door if it’s on a high floor without an elevator. They pretend they don’t know the building so that you come down instead....
10. False additional charges, like high demand and handling charges. Such companies take advantage of customers. very very bad...
11. Received bad quality fruits, tried to report the issue multiple times but genuine images shared are being rejected. Not using the app again at least never for fruits and veggies...
12. I received my order of Philips HD4928/01 induction cooktop from Blinkit, but the delivery experience was very poor. The product was delivered during rain in a normal carry bag instead of a proper Blin...
13. Really great experience, just the demand gets high often , but overall best app...
14. Blinkit    it charges us for packing and handling. But twice I received the items bare hand without any packages. Everytime giving excuses.  I feel cheated in this process  when I have already paid fo...
15. My overall experience was very disappointing. The service did not meet expectations, and the entire process felt frustrating and poorly managed. There was a lack of clear communication, and the issues...
16. should add single item things like 1 thumbs up bottle,not in a pack and no large quantity like balaji wafer that are of 40 rs and are giant but no 10 rs wafers,that would be efficient.And lastly pleas...
17. Been using this app for a long time, no issues with delivery. But pricing is disappointing. Ordered 3 items (Peri Peri Veg Momos, sauce, Crispello) - total ₹400. Checked same items on Zepto - total ₹3...
18. The best home delivery app I have ever seen I didn't expected that ut would be that good I downloaded it once just in fun and till now I have placed over 25 orders till now and now also I am using bli...
19. Hands down the best platform I've used. Ordering was seamless and it saved me so much time!...
20. Want to know about blinkit picker onboarding...

=== District UNCATEGORIZED ===
1. user friendly app......
2. Book My Show has got cheaper tickets for the same shows....
3. help full app...
4. The money for tickets got cut but tickets weren't booked. There's no way of contacting them and the refind is just not sent. Regretting using this app :(...
5. i have wasted my money because of this app negligence, telugu show is not played in the theatre, there is a issue in telugu print, so they cancelled the telugu show, i received a sms of cancellation b...
6. Good and very easy to handle...
7. Third class support services and making fool with distric pass subscriptions. Better to use other apps which more easy and trustworthy...
8. The application consistently crashes when displaying theater information, indicating a widespread technical issue affecting all theaters, not just a single location. Despite attempts to resolve the pr...
9. Great app with amazing offers!...
10. very nice and very fast to book...
11. Support is the worst. There is zero communication from them regarding rescheduled IPL match. Even before a week, they are not allowing cancellation....
12. Wrost experience and low quality app...
13. Awesome app. cuz every time i book tickets with free of cost because u gave lot snack coupons, disscounts. really greatful❤️🤩...
14. don,t download this app...chor bizzare....free tickets from blinkit...waste of time...nothing works...
15. Good app The best competator to book my show...
16. Fast and cheaper thn others apps...
17. nice do all state people can book. in the I set location as dindigul movies are not coming...
18. best bachat option tq district app...
19. doesn't work properly...show not available seats...
20. I recently visited Cilantro with my team for a dinner buffet and checked the estimated cost on the District app beforehand. It showed around ₹13,000 for our group, which seemed reasonable. However, th...
